Refactor readme (#45)
HewlettPackard/c-spiffe: svid/README.md

# SVID

> The svid module is composed by utility functions for SVID, such as creation, deletion and validation. It supports both X509 and JWT SVID specifications. It is composed by the following modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The svid module is composed by utility functions for SVID, such as creation, deletion and validation. It supports both X.509 and JWT SVID specifications. It is composed by the following modules:
```

* **jwtsvid** Contains utility functions for SVID using the JWT specification.

> * **x509bundle** Contains utility functions for SVID using the X509 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **x509bundle** Contains utility functions for SVID using the X.509 specification.
```
